docs/shell.md, before:

[Back to Index](README.md)

# Shell


This small submodule is built to run `bash` commands via simple python scripts. It designed to be slightly less verbose, but also take away some of the configurability of executing subprocesses via the `subprocess.Popen` function.

In doing this we can run commands by simply calling the `run` function with the desired bash command (whatever would have been typed in at the command line).

## Usage

	from shell import Shell
	
	sh = Shell()
	sh.run('pwd')
	sh.run('ls -l')
	sh.run('curl -X GET http://www.google.com')
	
## Methods

### `shell.__init__(wd='')`

This instantiates the shell. If the argument `wd` is set to anything other than an empty string, the shell will start at the specified location.

### `shell.run(command)`

This function is built to run a bash executable specified by the `command` argument.

Arguments may be added after the command, just like how they would be at the command line.

The output of the function is a 2-element array. The first element is what was printed to `std_out`. The 2nd element is the output to `std_err`

	[std_out, std_err]
	output[0] = std_out
	output[1] = std_err


**NOTE:** the `cd` (change directory) command does not work in this shell. In order to change the directory please refer to `shell.set_cwd`

### `shell.set_cwd(new_cwd)`

This function sets the working directory for the shell. Each command that is run has a new working directory set to this value. If the passed directory does not exist an `IOError` will be raised.

Commit message:

[#24] - Ambari Service (PR#25)
* Add quick-start guide to docs

* update shell docs

* Add install info to main readme

* Reorganize repo for amber service architecture

* Adding ability to read Ambari-style XML configurations

* Introducing test cases for missing files in XML configurations

* XML configurations - removing code that won't ever run

* Update docs and master.py and params.py

* Restructure for demo_utils python package

Restructure project for Ambari service.

Now using a python package architecture for renamed to demo_utils

docs were updated

tests were updated and travis updated accordingly.

* Adding demo.py

Used for pre_install and post_install functions.

* readme fixes and updates to match content

* add back to index link

* Updating config tests

* running tests only on demo_utils package

* remove e.message

e.message is deprecated. We should just use str(e)

* Adding coverage for get_path

* move cd command into install for travis

* rename and fix config test for get_path

docs/shell.md, after:

[Back to Index](README.md)

# Shell


This small submodule is built to run `bash` commands via simple python util. It designed to be slightly less verbose than using the `subprocess.Popen` function. However the drawback is it takes away some of the configurability that `Popen` has.

In doing this we can run commands by simply calling the `run` function with the desired bash command (whatever would have been typed in at the command line).

This performs a similar function as the `Execute()` function from [Ambari's `resource_management` library](https://github.com/apache/ambari/tree/trunk/ambari-common/src/main/python/resource_management). However using this module one allows us to not have a dependency on the Ambari libraries (so that you can run this without using/having Ambari)

## Usage

	from shell import Shell
	
	sh = Shell()
	sh.run('pwd')
	sh.run('ls -l')
	sh.run('curl -X GET http://www.google.com')
	
## Methods

### `shell.__init__(wd='')`

This instantiates the shell. If the argument `wd` is set to anything other than an empty string, the shell will start at the specified location. Otherwise it is set to `os.getcwd()`

### `shell.run(command)`

This function is built to run a bash executable specified by the `command` argument.

Arguments may be added after the command, just like how they would be at the command line.

The output of the function is a 2-element array. The first element is what was printed to `std_out`. The 2nd element is the output to `std_err`

	[std_out, std_err]
	output[0] = std_out
	output[1] = std_err


**NOTE:** the `cd` (change directory) command does not work in this shell. In order to change the directory please refer to `shell.set_cwd`

### `shell.set_cwd(new_cwd)`

This function sets the working directory for the shell. Each command that is run has a new working directory set to this value. If the passed directory does not exist an `IOError` will be raised.
